---
title: "Multi-Level Interaction Reranking with User Behavior History"
collection: publications
category: conferences
permalink: /publication/2024-mir
excerpt: '**Yunjia Xi**, Weiwen Liu, Yang Wang, Ruiming Tang, Weinan Zhang, Yue Zhu, Rui Zhang, Yong Yu'
date: 2022-07-07
venue: "Proceedings of the 45th International ACM SIGIR Conference on Research and Development in Information Retrieval (SIGIR'22)"
paperurl: 'https://wnzhang.net/papers/2023-kdd-dir.pdf'
---

As the final stage of the multi-stage recommender system (MRS), reranking directly affects users' experience and satisfaction, thus playing a critical role in MRS. Despite the improvement achieved in the existing work, three issues are yet to be solved. First, users' historical behaviors contain rich preference information, such as users' long and short-term interests, but are not fully exploited in reranking. Previous work typically treats items in history equally important, neglecting the dynamic interaction between the history and candidate items. Second, existing reranking models focus on learning interactions at the item level while ignoring the fine-grained feature-level interactions. Lastly, estimating the reranking score on the ordered initial list before reranking may lead to the early scoring problem, thereby yielding suboptimal reranking performance. To address the above issues, we propose a framework named Multi-level Interaction Reranking (MIR). MIR combines low-level cross-item interaction and high-level set-to-list interaction, where we view the candidate items to be reranked as a set and the users' behavior history in chronological order as a list. We design a novel SLAttention structure for modeling the set-to-list interactions with personalized long-short term interests. Moreover, feature-level interactions are incorporated to capture the fine-grained influence among items. We design MIR in such a way that any permutation of the input items would not change the output ranking, and we theoretically prove it. Extensive experiments on three public and proprietary datasets show that MIR significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art models using various ranking and utility metrics.
